---
layout: post
title: "2015 - My Resolutions"
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt:
tags: [resolutions, 2015]
image:
feature:
date: 2015-01-01T12:50:00+05:30
comments: true
share: true
---
In continuation with last year I decided to have multiple resolutions this year and want to see it through by 2015. As mentioned in my previous post, I believe the point of resolutions is to build habits.

About my resolutions (read them below), they are very clear and tells me exactly what I need to do. This should help my brain weed away  ambiguities (hopefully). If you have problem keeping up your resolutions suggest to start spelling out like this. Let me know if it helps by commenting below.

* Do Cardio-Vascular Workout 3 times a week with a target of 300 calories in 30 minutes.

> The resolution is a simple one. A workout to elevate my hear level in the order of > 130 BPM (AVG) for 30 mins. I really want to get this completed this year. Mathematically this will ensure I burn 45000 Calories or 5 Kgs worth of FAT this year. _Technically burning this much should help me stay the same weight by end of next year, I don’t have to bother much_.

* Write a blog every week, blog should be published by Saturday Night

> I really would like to improve my written communication and say things with fewer words. My colleague and good friend Nikant suggested that I should write often and that’s how I improve myself and I want to try it out. Hence I have decided to write a blog on something every week apart from technology.

* Write **Things I Learnt this week**, post should be published by Sunday Night

> I also would like to expand myself on the technical side and I have decided to write a technical blog on something I learnt the previous week. It’s also a way to force myself to learn something so that I can write about it.

* Learn to write with my left hand, Write a page every day

> As stated in my previous post, this resolution was deferred from last year.

**Tech Resolutions**:

Things I want to learn and improvise myself this year

1. Scala - I am rusty in Scala, need to go back to basics and improvise myself. Want to consider myself a newbie and start again.
2. Swift - iOS Programming - want to pick this up year for a simple reason I want to learn mobile programming hands on.
3. druid.io - More of experimental, may be my first step towards aggregating and handling big data in time series.

I will write about how to keep up your resolutions in the next post.

I would like to know about your resolutions, Please let me know by commeting below.
