---
layout: post
title: "Let’s Kill the Idea"
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt:
tags: [idea, general]
image:
feature:
date: 2015-01-16T10:00:00+05:30
comments: true
share: true
---
Disclaimer: This post will be edited several times before you will see a final version. At this moment I am just capturing my train of thoughts.

Another Disclaimer: The writings and views doesn’t represent me, my family, my friends, my pets, my company (past, present and future), my country, my planet and my star. I hope legally this absolves me of all the hassles, if not you shouldn’t have read this, Please stop. You’re proceeding at your own risk.

One More Disclaimer: Sorry, just teasing you.

People write about what makes an idea stick or how to pursue an idea or how to see through the ideas, but I wanted to satire about _Killing an Idea_. Here are some of the ways:

1) **I am Steve Jobs**: Seriously? OK, Fine, I don’t mind. Every idea owner wants to be Steve Jobs, instead of trying to be themselves. How Steve Jobs would have implemented this idea? Before you start thinking about how Steve Jobs would have thought through this idea, please also tell people who are working with you that they are building an iPhone or they are working at Apple. And you better have resources that people at Apple may have.

2) **USABILITY**: Enough said. You can write an Iliad or Mahabharata just with this word.

3) **Interference**: Interfering with everything done, asking people to do this way every time . Ruling out all options and asking people to do it only 1 way. Typically happens in big corporates where people use their clout as riders to override everything and if they can’t have their way, you will see them use the ultimate weapon “USABILITY” or “DEMO”.

4) **Not specifying people what is the Need and the Want**: Expecting people to read your subtleties, reading in between and over the lines. You will see this behavior of  people asking you with 1 change at a time and by the time when you are done with all the changes, it doesn’t look like what you started with. I have undergone this multiple times, consider the following case: Once we were asked to change our initial screen design and after we started the change, we were pestered with few more and this continued for few more weeks. Finally we understood the need and the want: People wanted a clone of what’s available with the competitor, not something new.

5) **Me-too-Ideas**: Without having a vision, Ideas that exist as pure-play copies of something else. No absolute differentiators. Please note sometime people will crib that this was a copy of an existing idea but it worked with people. This is not correct. It doesn’t qualify as a me too idea for the simple reason that people thought of it in a different way and improvised it in some particular usable way.

6) **People**: Working with people, who don’t understand the importance (time, value addition or creation). And if they happen to be the specialist in an area which is required for the idea, then even god can’t save you.

7) **Too many thinkers**: And no one to implement. Success rate of an idea is inversely proportional to the number of I-can-only-think-role in a team.

Have a few more to share but wanted to check your list? Comment below with your ways to kill an idea.
